right now we start show hey guys how's
it going to space 45 for nacho cheese TV
and there's my third time filming this
video I got a new mic setup so hopefully
this sounds better than normal and you
get a clear audio I want to make this
video kind of a moment as you shop a
little bit more because I don't get too
much traffic to it I need to make money
because I need to pay off a few things
so all the video all the paintings that
you see up in this figure right now are
up for grabs so if you do want them and
you like them check out my etsy shop you
don't see him on the entity shop then
send me a message on FC on my facebook
then me one on YouTube honestly I don't
be it probably a better idea to send it
on facebook she's only connection you
have with me is YouTube then just send
it on YouTube is fine and then I like
you my email will talk to email or
something like that I usually don't like
to do like painting deals through
YouTube don't get notifications this was
just constantly check in check and check
I check my email because it's on my
phone right there is just easy to check
something else that me and a tip have
been up to and ate up if you don't know
by now is the person I've been working
with on a cruiser boards what I've been
working on our boards like the bacon
order own designs we thing just in-house
we got like ten uncoupling so which like
the rectangular the rectangular they
have like the curve the skateboard curve
and the mighty Soyuz cut out your shape
and then you know
I moving the edges ain't them all that
good stuff so we did all that took
forever and finally getting done I just
got to grips it in the mail just
yesterday so I'm sort of gripping these
boards and we should be done with that
really soon those more videos will be
coming out for that I got a painting
video for each one of the boards and
some of them i have like a general
overview of pretty much what i'm doing
as i'm doing it and then I have other
videos or even just like start to finish
on one of the board's kind of completely
out and everything like that and just
like over like a music track or
something um painting videos where I
just you know show each layer pretty
much in the final product that's what
most of the videos are gonna be like at
least it's a lot of good content and
it's something different than you know
just a normal canvases for jewelers
boards and then back to normal videos so
I think that covers from H everything in
this video like I said if you like any
of the things that you saw or seeing in
the video then go ahead and send me a
message on either my facebook on my
Instagram or you can send it to me just
here on YouTube the YouTube private
messages or you can send it to me via my
email to do that to send a private
message will leave me a comment and then
i'll sell you my email under we can talk
to their you can contact me on etsy if
you'd like for avid x user the map
prefer that method that's fine with me I
get notifications on my phone so for
that also I got to pay these off so
these guys help me out one thing that I
forgot to mention is that I'm actually
reducing the prices of all my paintings
to around fifty dollars in that area
most some were a little higher around 75
so like that but I'm literally she's out
the door I know a lot of you guys were
international and I looked at the
shipping rates for international
recently and I always thought it was
just completely too ridiculous but I
seen something called first class mail
it apply take a while to get there by a
while I mean light through the parlor
within a month hopefully the shipping
rates are lower on those ones more
reasonable then around like thirty
dollars I seen some of them like as high
as 40 but it kind of depends on the
weight really they're already lower
priced and what it'll worth anyways the
amount of work that went into them
something like the guano painting here
and the guano painting right there those
ones took just cutting the stencils plus
15 hours for sure so just the fact that
you can get either one of those for
around fifty dollars is pretty good deal
plus the shipping so let's say like an
eighty dollar if you international
that's really not all that bad so um
please check out that shop thank you
you